docs: add backend guide with DBaaS (#1267)
scaleway/terraform-provider-scaleway: docs/guides/backend_guide.md

       schemaname       | tablename | tableowner | tablespace | hasindexes | hasrules | hastriggers | rowsecurity
------------------------+-----------+------------+------------+------------+----------+-------------+-------------
 terraform_remote_state | states    | my_initial_user |            | t          | f        | f           | f
```

After running terraform `apply`, the terraform.tfstate on the database will look something like this:

```shell
rdb=> SELECT * FROM information_schema.columns
WHERE table_schema = 'terraform_remote_state'
AND TABLE_NAME = 'states';
 id |  name   | data
----+---------+----------------------------------------------------------
  1 | default | {                                                       +
    |         |   "version": 4,                                         +
    |         |   "serial": 0,                                          +
    |         |   "lineage": "07a1e05b-3cba-438a-0c70-3ec5e73d4baf",    +
    |         |   "outputs": {},                                        +
    |         |   "resources": [                                        +
    |         |     {
    
    ....
```

> ## Locking your backend

Author: I've just added a new section

---
page_title: "Using Backend Guide"
description: |-
Using your Scaleway DBaaS as to store your terraform state.
---

# Set up your database with the Scaleway provider

> Before initializing the backend with `terraform init`, the database must already exist:

Reviewer: You should start with something like:

First, let's create a state locally, then we will transfer the state to a remote database.
If you already have a remote database existing you can already go to step X

---
page_title: "Using Backend Guide"
description: |-
Using your Scaleway DBaaS as to store your terraform state.
---

# Terraform Backend

This page describes how to configure a backend by adding the backend block to your configuration with the Terraform Scaleway Provider.

Terraform provides the option to set up a [“backend”](https://www.terraform.io/language/settings/backends/configuration) of the `state` data files.

> This option allows you handling the state and the way certain operations are executed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option allows you to handle the state and the way certain operations are executed.
```

## Create your database

You can create your database resource using terraform itself .

If you have already one database running you can step over to [Configuring your Connection string](#configuring-the-postgresql-connection-string)

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    scaleway = {
      source = "scaleway/scaleway"
      version = "~> 2.2.8"
    }
  }
}

provider "scaleway" {
  # ...
}

# ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
# CREATE AN DATABASE INSTANCE TO USE IT AS A TERRAFORM BACKEND
# ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

resource "scaleway_rdb_database" "database" {
  name        = "your-database"
  instance_id = scaleway_rdb_instance.main.id
}

resource scaleway_rdb_instance main {
    name = "your-backend-db"
    node_type = "db-dev-s"
    engine = "PostgreSQL-11"
    is_ha_cluster = false
    disable_backup = true
    user_name = "my_initial_user"
    password = "thiZ_is_v&ry_s3cret"
    tags = [ "terraform-backend1" ]
}
```

and deploy it:

```shell
terraform plan -out "planfile" ; terraform apply -input=false -auto-approve "planfile"
```

## Configuring the PostgreSQL Connection String

> We choose to set our environment variable for the connection string for this guide. Please check the [secret section](#secrets) for mor details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We choose to set our environment variable for the connection string for this guide. Please check the [secret section](#secrets) for more details.
```

```shell

>  export PG_CONN_STR=postgres://<user>:<pass>@localhost:<port>/terraform_backend?sslmode=disable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export PG_CONN_STR=postgres://<user>:<pass>@localhost:<port>/terraform_backend?sslmode=disable
```

```

## Secrets

> Hashicorp propose several methods to keep your secrets. Please check the Terraform  [partial configuration](https://www.terraform.io/language/settings/backends/configuration#partial-configuration) for this topic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hashicorp proposes several methods to keep your secrets. Please check the Terraform  [partial configuration](https://www.terraform.io/language/settings/backends/configuration#partial-configuration) for this topic.
```

> Hashicorp proposes several methods to keep your secrets. Please check the Terraform  [partial configuration](https://www.terraform.io/language/settings/backends/configuration#partial-configuration) for this topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hashicorp offers several methods to keep your secrets. Please check the Terraform [partial configuration](https://www.terraform.io/language/settings/backends/configuration#partial-configuration) for this topic.
```

We can do that in one of two ways: separate databases or separate schemas.

```hcl
terraform {
  # Omitted

  backend "pg" {
    schema_name = "other_state"
  }
}
```

## Migrating the state

Considering you have already running infrastructure you want to use the `backend` option.

All we need to do is initialize Terraform passing the backend configuration.

Terraform should ask if you want to migrate from local to the new remote backend.

Answer the prompt `yes`, and your state will migrate.

```shell
$ terraform init -backend-config="conn_str=${PG_CONN_STR}" -migrate-state
```

## What about locking?

Most of the remote [backends](https://www.terraform.io/language/settings/backends/configuration#available-backends) natively support locking. To run terraform apply, Terraform will automatically acquire a lock;
if someone else is already running apply, they will already have the lock, and you will have to wait.
You can run apply with the `-lock-timeout=<TIME>` parameter to tell Terraform to wait up to TIME for a lock to be released (e.g., `-lock-timeout=10m` will wait for 10 minutes).

> The Lock method, prevents opening the state file while already in use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Lock method prevents opening the state file while already in use.
```

## Share configuration

> You can also share the configuration using the different [data sources](https://www.terraform.io/language/state/remote-state-data).
> this is useful when you are working on the same infrastructure we the same team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also share the configuration using the different [data sources](https://www.terraform.io/language/state/remote-state-data).
This is useful when working on the same infrastructure or the same team.
```

```hcl
data "scaleway_rdb_instance" "mybackend" {
    name = "your-database-name"
}
```

> ## Limitation

Reviewer: remove this section completly

---
page_title: "Using Backend Guide"
description: |-
Using your Scaleway DBaaS as to store your terraform state.
---

# Terraform Backend

This page describes how to configure a backend by adding the backend block to your configuration with the Terraform Scaleway Provider.

Terraform provides the option to set up a [“backend”](https://www.terraform.io/language/settings/backends/configuration) of the `state` data files.

This option allows you handling the state and the way certain operations are executed.

Backends can store the state remotely and protect it with locks to prevent corruption;
it makes it possible for a team to work with ease, or, for instance, to run Terraform within a pipeline.

## Create your database

> You can create your database resource using terraform itself .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create your database resource using terraform itself.
```

If you have already one database running you can step over to [Configuring your Connection string](#configuring-the-postgresql-connection-string)

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    scaleway = {
      source = "scaleway/scaleway"
      version = "~> 2.2.8"
    }
  }
}

provider "scaleway" {
  # ...
}

# ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
# CREATE AN DATABASE INSTANCE TO USE IT AS A TERRAFORM BACKEND
# ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

resource "scaleway_rdb_database" "database" {

>   name        = "your-database"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name        = "terraform_backend"
```

If you want to stay consistent with the URL down below

# CREATE AN BACKEND TYPE PG
# ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
terraform {
  backend "pg" {
    # Please use a better approach with the flag -backend-config=PATH or a Vault configuration
    conn_str = "postgres://user:pass@db.example.com/terraform_backend"
  }
}

# ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
# CREATE YOUR INFRASTRUCTURE
# ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
resource "scaleway_instance_server" "main" {
  name        = "my-instance"
  type        = "DEV1-S"
  image       = "debian_bullseye"
  enable_ipv6 = false
}

# the rest of your configuration and resources to deploy
```

Check your database `schema`. e.g:

```sql
rdb=> SELECT * FROM pg_catalog.pg_tables WHERE schemaname != 'pg_catalog' AND schemaname != 'information_schema';
       schemaname       | tablename | tableowner | tablespace | hasindexes | hasrules | hastriggers | rowsecurity
------------------------+-----------+------------+------------+------------+----------+-------------+-------------
 terraform_remote_state | states    | my_initial_user |            | t          | f        | f           | f
```

> After running terraform `apply`, to terraform.tfstate on the database will look something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running terraform `apply`, to terraform. The state on the database will look something like this:
```

> ```shell

Reviewer: this is not shell language. Just use simple text

    |         |   "outputs": {},                                        +
    |         |   "resources": [                                        +
    |         |     {
    
    ....
```

## Multiple Workplaces

You can configure several `states` on your database using a different `schema_name`.

Then workspaces are appended to that key to generate a separate state for each workspace.
Since tracking of the workspaces is in the table inside PostgreSQL, we need to separate the different states we want to track.

We can do that in one of two ways: separate databases or separate schemas.

```hcl
terraform {
  # Omitted

  backend "pg" {
    schema_name = "other_state"
  }
}
```

## Migrating the state

Considering you have already running infrastructure you want to use the `backend` option.

All we need to do is initialize Terraform passing the backend configuration.

Terraform should ask if you want to migrate from local to the new remote backend.

Answer the prompt `yes`, and your state will migrate.

```shell
$ terraform init -backend-config="conn_str=${PG_CONN_STR}" -migrate-state
```

## What about locking?

> Most of the remote backends natively support locking. To run terraform apply, Terraform will automatically acquire a lock;

Reviewer: Add a link to the documentation of the different available backends

if someone else is already running apply, they will already have the lock, and you will have to wait.
You can run apply with the `-lock-timeout=<TIME>` parameter to tell Terraform to wait up to TIME for a lock to be released (e.g., `-lock-timeout=10m` will wait for 10 minutes).

The Lock method, prevents opening the state file while already in use.

## Share configuration

You can also share the configuration using the different [data sources](https://www.terraform.io/language/state/remote-state-data).
this is useful when you are working on the same infrastructure we the same team.

> For further information about thea advantages of t

Reviewer: seems like the text is not finished

```hcl
data "scaleway_rdb_instance" "mybackend" {
    name = "your-database-name"
}
```

## Limitation

> The Scaleway Object Storage based backends is not supported by scaleway.

Reviewer: This sentence needs to be reworked. Only locking is not supported, but storing of the state is
